well howdy there Internet people its Bo
again so last night I was on a
livestream I was kind of a telethon to
raise money for The Trevor Project and
while we were doing it we were taking
questions from the audience the question
came in about the coming recession the
one I see coming and I answered it and
then today I got questions from people
about it saying hey you know the
headlines are saying there's not a
recession coming explain yourself
fair question fair enough
so I'm gonna read some headlines I'm
gonna tell you where they're from so you
know they're not a fly-by-night
organization and then we're gonna talk
about that u.s. not headed for recession
report that's from Reuters no recession
CNBC the first line of this is Federal
Reserve Chairman and Treasury secretary
both acknowledged problems in the US
economy Thursday but both said they
believe the nation will avoid falling
into recession
CNN Money boom continues there is no
recession National Review no recession
the big challenge NPR that is pretty
straightforward
I mean that that's pretty certain right
there
truth is I edited those headlines to
remove any reference to the people
involved because those headlines are
from 2007 and 2008 late 2007 early 2008
which is right before the last recession
why do these headlines exist the
indications are all there we are headed
to recession in fact we just got another
one the manufacturing report says that
we are at our lowest level since right
before the last recession so how can
headlines keep popping up saying that
it's not going to happen because just
like that we are at the end of an
administration's term and what they want
to do is delay it delay the recession
until after the election so you're not
thinking about it when you walk into the
voting booth they don't want you to
think about how they might have tanked
the economy so they're rubbing the magic
lamp they're making wishes they're being
hopeful painting a rosier picture than
is actually they're saying things that
are kind of untruthful dishonest at
least
now a recession is natural in some ways
you know a lot of times it's a
correction that occurs after a lot of
growth which is why they still have
figures to point to to say look we have
a lot of growth of course you do that's
when recessions occur when taken with
the other indications that's not saying
that there's not going to be one that's
actually another indication that there
will be and you know I do believe that
Trump's economic policies hastened this
probably would have happened anyway but
he definitely didn't help and they don't
want you thinking about that and they
want to keep consumer confidence high by
pointing to all the good things so you
keep spending money so it delays the
recession so it occurs after their party
is already reelected and stays in power
it's really that simple
there's not much to it now at the same
time I should point out that I am NOT a
trained economist and after all this is
just a thought y'all have a good night